annot: Chop some tomatoes to halves
ACTID: 0
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] some tomatoes (-1)
[PP, other, to] halves (-1)
annot: put on a baking pan
ACTID: 1
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] (0)
[PP, location, on] a baking pan (-1)
annot: Chop some white onions to chunks
ACTID: 2
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] some white onions (-1)
[PP, other, to] chunks (-1)
annot: add to the tomato
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] (2)
[PP, food, to] the tomato (1)
annot: Smash 3 cloves of garlic
ACTID: 4
PRED: smash
[DOBJ, food] 3 cloves of garlic (-1)
annot: mix with the onions
ACTID: 5
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] (4)
[PP, food, with] the onions (3)
annot: Spread some olive oil, salt and pepper to the baking pan
ACTID: 6
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] some olive oil (-1), salt (-1), pepper (-1)
[PP, food, to] the baking pan (5)
annot: Roast the ingredients for 40 minutes
ACTID: 7
PRED: roast
[DOBJ, food] the ingredients (6)
[PP, other, for] 40 minutes (-1)
annot: Put the roasted ingredients in a soup pot
ACTID: 8
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the roasted ingredients (7)
[PP, location, in] a soup pot (-1)
annot: Add 4 cups of chicken broth to the pot
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] 4 cups of chicken broth (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pot (8)
annot: heat the soup to a boil
ACTID: 10
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] the soup (9)
[PP, other, to] a boil (-1)
annot: Simmer for 25 minutes
ACTID: 11
PRED: simmer
[DOBJ, food] (10)
[PP, other, for] 25 minutes (-1)
annot: use a blender to blend everything in the soup
ACTID: 12
PRED: blend
[DOBJ, food] everything in the soup (11)
annot: Add more salt and pepper to the soup
ACTID: 13
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] more salt (-1), pepper (-1)
[PP, food, to] the soup (12)
annot: stir
ACTID: 14
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (13)
annot: Take out the soup
ACTID: 15
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] the soup (14)
annot: garnish with basil leaves and olive oil
ACTID: 16
PRED: garnish
[DOBJ, food] (15)
[PP, food, with] basil leaves (-1), olive oil (-1)
annot: serve
ACTID: 17
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] (16)